[WIP] Adding Omnivore Model to HF (#17772)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/omnivore.mdx

<!--Copyright 2022 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

# Omnivore

## Overview

The Omnivore Model was proposed in [Omnivore: A Single Model for Many Visual Modalities](https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.08377) by Rohit Girdhar, Mannat Singh, Nikhila Ravi, Laurens van der Maaten, Armand Joulin, Ishan Misra.

> The main idea here is generalization of vision transformer model across different modalities. The authors propose a single model 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main idea here is generalization of the [Vision Transformer](vit) model across different modalities. The authors propose a single model 
```
Let's link to the ViT docs page here

The abstract from the paper is the following:

*Prior work has studied different visual modalities in isolation and developed separate architectures for recognition of images, 
videos, and 3D data. Instead, in this paper, we propose a single model which excels at classifying images, videos, and single-view
3D data using exactly the same model parameters. Our 'Omnivore' model leverages the flexibility of transformer-based architectures
and is trained jointly on classification tasks from different modalities. Omnivore is simple to train, uses off-the-shelf standard
datasets, and performs at-par or better than modality-specific models of the same size. A single Omnivore model obtains 86.0% on
ImageNet, 84.1% on Kinetics, and 67.1% on SUN RGB-D. After finetuning, our models outperform prior work on a variety of vision
tasks and generalize across modalities. Omnivore's shared visual representation naturally enables cross-modal recognition without
access to correspondences between modalities. We hope our results motivate researchers to model visual modalities together.*

Tips:

> - All released checkpoints were pre-trained and fine-tuned on three datasets [ImageNet-1k]((https://huggingface.co/datasets/imagenet-1k)), [Kinetics](https://www.deepmind.com/open-source/kinetics) and [SUN RGB-D](https://rgbd.cs.princeton.edu/) respectively. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All released checkpoints were pre-trained and fine-tuned on three datasets [ImageNet-1k](https://huggingface.co/datasets/imagenet-1k), [Kinetics](https://www.deepmind.com/open-source/kinetics) and [SUN RGB-D](https://rgbd.cs.princeton.edu/) respectively. 
```

Reviewer 2: Why is fine-tuning coming here? As far as I remember, they all were pretrained on these three datasets. The [official model zoo](https://github.com/facebookresearch/omnivore#model-zoo) (apart from Epic Kitchens) also does not enlist any fine-tuned checkpoints. 

Also, since we're providing the official sources for Kinetics and SUN I think it makes sense to also link the official website of ImageNet.

Reviewer: Yes there's only 1 fine-tuned checkpoint released. It seems that this is just supervised learning on several datasets combined (multi-task learning).

Also, you can leave the link to ImageNet on the hub, the goal is to update the other links once they are also available on the hub.

Reviewer 2: > It seems that this is just supervised learning on several datasets combined (multi-task learning).

The pre-training is supervised learning with multiple dataset using a shared backbone, yes! But interestingly, the training objective doesn't vary i.e., classification throughout. It's not like one head is doing classification, another one is doing regression, and so on. 

> Yes there's only 1 fine-tuned checkpoint released.

If we're not including the fine-tuned checkpoint then it makes sense to remove "fine-tuned" from here - `All released checkpoints were pre-trained and fine-tuned ...`.

>   There are five checkpoints available are trained on said dataset. In single epoch training for the model it was trained on one epoch each for ImageNet-1k and Kinetics with ten epochs for SUN RGB-D.

Reviewer: These sentences aren't grammatically correct.

- The authors of Omnivore released 5 trained Omnivore models, which you can directly plug into [`OmnivoreModel`] or [`OmnivoreForVisionClassification`]. 
  The 5 variants available are (all trained on images of size 224x224, video of 32 frames of size 224x224 and RGBD images of size 224x224):
  *facebook/omnivore-swinT*, *facebook/omnivore-swinS**, *facebook/omnivore-swinB*, *facebook/omnivore-swinB-in21k* and

>   *facebook/omnivore-swinL-in21k*. Note that one should use [`OmnivoreFeatureExtractor`] in order to prepare images, vidoes and RGBD images for the model.
> - The input to the model needs to be provided with type of input, i.e. *"images"*, *"videos"* or *"rgbd"* to use the classification head for that modality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  *facebook/omnivore-swinL-in21k*. 
- Note that one should use [`OmnivoreFeatureExtractor`] in order to prepare images, videos and RGBD images for the model.
- The input to the model needs to be provided with a corresponding type, i.e. *"images"*, *"videos"* or *"rgbd"* in order to use the classification head for that modality.
```

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
